<div id="index" class="screenplay" role="main">

<div id="scene-Queen-Amidala-vs-the-Klingon-Warriors" class="section scene" lang="en">

# Queen Amidala vs. The Klingon Warriors

<div id="scene-about" class="section scene">

## About this screenplay

<div class="description">

\[ An illustrated screenplay crossing [Star Wars Ep.
I](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Wars%3A_Episode_I_%E2%80%93_The_Phantom_Menace),
the [Selinaverse](https://buffyfanfiction.fandom.com/wiki/Selinaverse)
(itself crossing Star Trek TNG/DS9, Buffy, Judaism, Israel,
[Objectivism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objectivism_\(Ayn_Rand\)),
etc.) the real world online/offline life in 2010s/2020s, [Wayne's
World](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wayne%27s_World_\(film\)), and [My
Little
Pony](https://mlp.fandom.com/wiki/My_Little_Pony_Friendship_is_Magic).

It aims to launch the "Queen Padmé Tales" web series ( whose format is
modelled loosely after [Ox
Tales](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ox_Tales) ). It stars [Tiffany
Alvord](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiffany_Alvord) as [Queen Padmé
Amidala of the
Naboo](https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Padm%C3%A9_Amidala), and which
aims to be directed and costarred by [Natalie
Portman](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natalie_Portman_filmography).
More ambitiously it aims to pave way for commercial crossover/RPF
fanart, help reverse copyright maximalism and convert Hollywood and the
film industry at large to the open/free/amateur model ( see [Copyright
Cannibalism](https://www.shlomifish.org/humour/fortunes/show.cgi?id=sharp-cinema--copyright-cannibalism)
).

We may not succeed, but at least we're going to try. \]

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ This text is Copyright by Shlomi Fish, 2020 and is made available
under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 Unported Licence
(CC-by)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) (or at your option
- any later version). \]

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ The **Dedication**:

This story is dedicated to the memory of [Christina Grimmie
(1994-2016)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christina_Grimmie), a
remarkable singer and youtuber, who was killed at age 22 by a fan who
was obsessed with her, who almost immediately committed suicide himself.

For what I consider her Magnus Opus see her original ["Feelin' Good"
song and videoclip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYX8sjIzjGw) whose
message I believe is:

«

Be confident. Do the best you can given the time frame. It doesn't have
to be perfect. You are allowed to be wrong and say wrong things that you
think will still impress people. Try to learn from your mistakes,
[encourage the
critics](http://shlomifishswiki.branchable.com/Encourage_criticism_and_try_to_get_offended/)
and try to improve, but realise that [some people will always be
unhappy](http://shlomifishswiki.branchable.com/Never_Try_to_Please_Everyone/)
and hold you liable for your past opinions, past mistakes, past
failures, opinions that they disagree with, your non-normative
behaviour, your qualities (age, gender, country, city, ethnicity,
religion, ideology, beliefs, wealth, image, personality, cultural
tastes, etc.) and your works.

You will likely "fail" to become the "next biggest thing", but even if
you do, you can at least fail "in style" and inspire or help even just
[one
person](https://he.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D7%9B%D7%9C_%D7%94%D7%9E%D7%A7%D7%99%D7%99%D7%9D_%D7%A0%D7%A4%D7%A9_%D7%90%D7%97%D7%AA).

Always remember: you are awesome. You can become more awesome,
regardless of any "IQ" myths. But you can one day
["lose"](https://www.shlomifish.org/humour/Summerschool-at-the-NSA/ongoing-text.html#summer_glau_presents__the_talk__amateur_fighters)
to someone less qualified than you. That's OK - [you can learn from a
lost
fight](https://www.shlomifish.org/humour/Buffy/A-Few-Good-Slayers/ongoing-text.html#becky_in_the_library__chit_chat)
and make [a
comeback](https://www.shlomifish.org/philosophy/culture/my-real-person-fan-fiction/#actors_are_unique).
Frankly, heroes do not die ("reputationally" at least) - they
accumulate.

As the [Indiana Jones' gun vs,
sword](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQKrmDLvijo) scene shows, if
something takes too long or seems too risky, then think outside the box,
challenge the invisible rules, "hack" something, or even temporarily or
permanently give up. [There's more than one way to do
it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/There%27s_more_than_one_way_to_do_it)
(even [in
maths](https://brilliant.org/wiki/proofs-of-the-pythagorean-theorem/)
and when writing Python code) and different people like different
things.

»

(Also see [If—](https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/46473/if---) by
Rudyard Kipling which has a similar message, and is the most favourite
poem among British citizens, a favourite among Israelis, was Ayn Rand’
favourite, and mine.) \]

</div>

</div>

<div id="scene-filming-version-0.2.x" class="section scene">

## Filming Version 0.2.x

<div class="description">

\[ Black screen. Initial Credits. \]

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ Queen [Padmé Amidala of the
Naboo](https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Padm%C3%A9_Amidala) (Star Wars
Ep. 1, played by [Tiffany
Alvord](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiffany_Alvord)) is in a corridor
with the young [Obi-Wan
Kenobi](https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Obi-Wan_Kenobi) and his jedi
mentor ( [Qui-Gon Jinn](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qui-Gon_Jinn) )
guarding her with light sabers. On the ends there are two armored but
unarmed [Klingon](https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Klingon) warriors
(Star Trek), [Worf](https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Worf) and
[Gowron](https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Gowron), who fight against
a metric ton of "throwaway" lightsabered jedi warriors who rush from the
middle to try to take the malevolent Klingons out of the equation
somehow. The Klingons have immense strength, agility, and stamina, and
use basic and advanced martial arts tactics: kicking the jedis in the
crotch; poking their eyes out, stabbing them with their own lightsabers,
pushing them onto each other's laser swords in cascade, etc.

Eventually the lesser Jedis are all dead or wounded, and the Klingons
rush towards the trio screaming battle cries. The queen looks startled
and frightened while Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon are trying to prepare tensely
and without much hope to win.

The queen's face becomes tense and focused, she pulls two small
crossbows from her waist, looks to her right, aims, and shoots an arrow
at the Klingon warrior's forehead; then she turns her head to the left,
aims and shoots. The crossbows' arrows pass through the two Klingons'
warriors foreheads, who quickly faint and fall forward, dead.

The two Jedis protagonists are relieved, laugh, disable their
lightsabers' laser blades, high five and huggle the queen. The queen
smiles, hands them the crossbows to study and each jedi examines his
crossbow, discussing them with the queen.

A tagline appears on the screen as a mock commercial:

“**PersonalQrossBow's 2-in-1 Pocketbow kit. Why not have both?**”

( [see this](https://www.buzzfeed.com/alexlee/porque-no-los-dos).) \]

</div>

</div>

<div id="scene-what-wayne-and-garth-think" class="section scene">

## What Wayne and Garth think

<div class="saying">

**Natalie Portman's voice from behind:** and — cut\! Great job
everyone\!

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ The actors of Worf and Gowron rise from their place. Tiffany Alvord
is smiling relieved and shakes the hands of the 4 male actors and hugs
them compassionately. Natalie Portman (= the director) does the same. \]

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Natalie:** <span class="inlinedesc">\[to Tiffany\]</span> I knew you
had it in you. <span class="inlinedesc">\[They hug\]</span>.

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Wayne's voice from a different frame:** Dude\! This sucks.

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ Split frame with [Wayne and
Garth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wayne%27s_World_\(film\)) sitting
in an untidy room next to a computer screen. They are the plot
programmers. \]

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Wayne:** …I left you alone asking you to write a draft for a feature
about ethical hacking for PBS, and you come up with this??

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Garth:** What's wrong with it?

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Wayne:** It's the old missile-vs-melee paradigm\! Thrown in a Star
Wars / Star Trek crossover and "girl power" and stuff. Every 2nd hand
fan fic writer could have written it in three days\!

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Garth:** Took me less than an hour, after lunch, before playing
DwarfFortress…

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Wayne:** [Beginners'
luck](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQALLGsn-Fk), I guess.

**Wayne:** Anyway, who's gonna play the Queen, Natalie Portman?

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Garth:** nah… we asked her and she wanted too much money. So we went
with Tiffany Alvord, man\!

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ Tiffany looks angry, crosses her hands and glances at Natalie with
disapproval. \]

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Wayne:** Dude, are you freaking kidding me? She's like [the Fluttershy
of youtube
musicians](https://www.shlomifish.org/humour/Muppets-Show-TNI/Summer-Glau-and-Chuck-Norris.html#venting_is_us).
Do you see [Fluttershy](https://mlp.fandom.com/wiki/Fluttershy) using a
machine gun?

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ Fluttershy is seen flying, using a machine gun to shoot at a
terrified [Rainbow Dash](https://mlp.fandom.com/wiki/Rainbow_Dash) who
just robbed a bank, and trying to shoot back at Fluttershy using a
smaller one hand gun. As she leaves the frame, Fluttershy stops and
winks at the camera. \]

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Wayne:** Next thing you tell me, [Taylor
Swift](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taylor_Swift) can get away with
being shown laying waste to a whole city in a videoclip.

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Garth:** but, but…

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ TODO: add still from toward the end of [Bad
Blood](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcIy9NiNbmo). \]

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Wayne:** no "but"s, Gareth, dude.

**Wayne:** OK, enough about the Queen, who's the director? Is it going
to ne [George Lucas](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Lucas)?

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Garth:** nah, he also ended up wanting too much. We ended up hiring
Natalie Portman instead.

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ Natalie Portman is resentful and disappointed. Tiffany is smiling
from [Schadenfreude](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schadenfreude). \]

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Wayne:** OK, not ideal but we can work with that.

**Wayne:** Anyway, you do realise that one of these "throwaway" jedi
knights could just hurl his lightsaber at the Klingon warrior throat
like a spear, right?

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ The 5 main actors and Natalie seem contemplative. \]

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Garth:** ah… didn't think about it.

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Wayne:** we can use that to our advantage. Let me tell you, plot
programming could use some [code
review](https://mlp.fandom.com/wiki/Applejack%27s_%22Day%22_Off) too.
You could have requested this on Internet forums before you started
playing DwarfFortress.

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Garth:** dude, you're right\!

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Wayne:** let's rework the plot
[together](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pair_programming). What you did
is not too bad for a beginner and I believe in delegating responsibilty
and decision-making, But we can do a better ethical hacking film.

</div>

</div>

<div id="scene-film-crew-ungathers" class="section scene">

## The film crew disassembles

<div class="description">

\[ All the film personnel in the filming room sigh and shake their head.
\]

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Natalie:** sorry, everybody… <span class="inlinedesc">\[looks at
Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash\]</span> and everypony.

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Rainbow Dash:** No worries, Nat\! We can make the scene at least 100%
more awesome.

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Natalie:** Right, Rainbow Dash <span class="inlinedesc">\[she pats her
head.\]</span>. OK, everyone, we need to wait for the plot programmers
to write the new version. We may still be able to reuse some of the
filmed material, but probably we're going to have a lot of work to do.

**Natalie:** In the meanwhile, get changed to normal clothes, go home,
and I'll give you guys 3 day notices on all the relevant electronic
media. Sorry.

**Natalie:** Oh, and happy Hanukkah\!

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ Tiffany has already taken off the Queen Padmé outfit and is wearing a
T-shirt and jeans. \]

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Tiffany:** the outfit was itchy.

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Natalie:** mine was too back when I had to wear it back for the Star
Wars prerequels.

**Natalie:** Anyway, can I invite you to lunch?

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Tiffany:** Sure\! I'm so hungry I could eat a horse\!

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ Fluttershy gasps. \]

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Tiffany:** It's just an expression, Flutteroo\! I'm not **that**
crazy.

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ Fluttershy is relieved ; Rainbow Dash extends her tongue towards her.

Tiffany pats both their heads one by one. \]

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Natalie:** What do you want to eat?

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Tiffany:** I think I'll have some noodles.

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Natalie:** I know a nice general café/restaurant just across the road,
with a large selection of noodles' dishes. Probably not authentic, but
good enough for a Westerner.

**Natalie:** as for me, I think I ate too much at breakfast, so I think
I'll have a juice or a soda or both, heh.

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Tiffany:** which ones?

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Natalie:** I'll just go down the waitors' recommendations heh. Oh -
and I wanna have some [Latkes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latke)\!

</div>

<div class="saying">

**Tiffany:** oh, I want some Latkes too…

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ They leave the frame.

Fade to black.

Message on the screen: "To be continued… Be a hero." \]

</div>

<div class="description">

\[ Finally, note that I am offering up to 3,000 USD for a video version
of the first
[stanza](https://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/comments/kaajb9/commission_fluttershy_as_queen_amidala_of_the/)
which can be either animated or live action, and whose quality I am
happy with. \]

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>
